[Fix #9519] Disable all cop department with directive comment (#9626)
rubocop/rubocop: docs/modules/ROOT/pages/configuration.adoc

# rubocop:enable Layout/LineLength, Style/StringLiterals
----

> If you want to disable multiple cops from one department, you can use only department name.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also disable entire departments by giving a department name in the comment.
```

# rubocop:enable Layout/LineLength, Style/StringLiterals
----

> You can also disable entire departments by giving a department name in the comment.

Reviewer 2: I'd add another example showing that you can also combine in the comments department references with individual cops.

Author: Combined with individual cop
